doc/revised overview (#351)
AutoResearch/autora: docs/index.md

# Automated Research Assistant

<b>[AutoRA](https://pypi.org/project/autora/)</b> (<b>Au</b>tomated <b>R</b>esearch <b>A</b>ssistant) is an open-source framework for 

> automating multiple stages of the empirical research process, from the construction of a scientific 

Author: Thanks, now addressed!

other empirical sciences, such as material science or physics.

## Features

AutoRA consists of different modules that can be used independently or in combination, such as:

- <b>Automated theorists</b> that support the discovery of formal scientific models from data
- <b>Automated experimentalists</b> that support the design of follow-up experiments
- <b>Interfaces for automated data collection</b>, e.g., for behavioral experiments via Prolific or Amazon Mechanical Turk
- <b>Workflow logic</b> for defining interactions between different components of the research process
- <b>Interfaces for automated documentation</b> of the research process

## Usages

AutoRA can be used for a variety of research purposes in empirical sciences, such as psychology, 
neuroscience, economics, physics, or material science. Usages include:

- <b>Equation discovery</b> from empirical data
- <b>Experimental design</b> for follow-up experiments
- <b>Research documentation and dissemination</b>
- <b>Closed-loop empirical research</b>
- <b>Computational analyses of the scientific process</b> (metascience, computational philosophy of science)

## Motivation

> The current state of various empirical sciences is beset by a replication crisis, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Various empirical sciences are beset by a replication crisis, 
```

> which can be attributed to inadequate precision of hypotheses, lack of transparency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which can be attributed to inadequately precise hypotheses, lack of transparency
```

in research procedures, and insufficient rigor in testing findings. These limitations

> are the result of three primary bottlenecks, namely, a lack of formal modeling, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are the result of three primary bottlenecks—a lack of formal modeling, the
```

demanding requirements of open science, and a shortage of resources to reproduce 
individual studies. Empirical scientists face difficulties in formalizing their 
theories, find it arduous to document their research activities, and often lack 

> sufficient time and funds to conduct follow-up experiments to test and revise their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time and funds to conduct follow-up experiments to test and revise their
```

> hypotheses. These limitations serve as impediments to scientific progress and hinder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hypotheses. These limitations impede scientific progress and hinder
```
